                               CREATOR AGREEMENT

DATE OF LAST REVISION: MARCH 19, 2018

   Welcome! Magic Leap is looking for innovative and engaged creators to
   develop incredible content for our platform and help bring our vision of
   mixed reality to life. To help those creators that are up for the
   challenge, we’ve built the Magic Leap creator portal (the “portal” for
   short) to serve as a home-base for tools, resources, updates, and the
   collective wisdom of our creator community. This creator agreement
   (“Agreement”) governs your use of the portal, and includes other important
   terms regarding your relationship with Magic Leap and each party’s rights.
   This includes an [7]Arbitration Agreement regarding binding arbitration of
   disputes and a waiver of certain rights to jury trials and/or class
   actions. If you accept this Agreement, you will be admitted into our
   creator community (welcome!). If you don’t agree to the terms of this
   Agreement, you may not access the portal.

   Please note that this Agreement is binding on you personally - it doesn’t
   cover your employer or company. Soon, we will have a way for companies to
   join our creator community and will be rolling out a separate process for
   submitting and publishing any applications you create to our application
   store – stay tuned!

  1. Creator Resources

   Portal Access

   You will need a Magic Leap ID to access the portal. Don’t allow anyone
   else to access the portal using your Magic Leap ID. Remember that the
   Magic Leap [8]Account Terms and Conditions apply to all uses of your Magic
   Leap ID, including access to the portal. In addition, you represent and
   warrant that you are at least 18 years old and that you have the right to
   enter into this Agreement.

   Portal Content

   Once in the portal, you will have the ability to access and/or download:

     * certain Magic Leap creator materials, such as software development
       kits (“SDKs”), tools, documentation, learning resources, Example
       Assets (as defined below), and other content (collectively, the “Magic
       Leap Materials”); and
     * certain third party software, tools, services, applications, or
       content (collectively, “Third Party Materials,” and together with the
       Magic Leap Materials, the “Portal Content”).

   Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Magic Leap grants you a limited,
   personal, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable
   license during the term of the Agreement, under any intellectual property
   rights Magic Leap and its licensors of the Third Party Materials
   (“Licensors”) may have (as applicable), to use the Portal Content solely
   for development and testing of software applications for use on or with,
   and distribution through, Magic Leap’s Platform (“Applications”).
   “Platform” means Magic Leap’s mixed reality technology platform, including
   Magic Leap’s mixed reality hardware device(s) manufactured by or on behalf
   of Magic Leap, Magic Leap’s operating systems and other on-Device
   software, the portal, Portal Content, the Magic Leap application store,
   our websites and software applications, and all other aspects of our mixed
   reality ecosystem.

   If we provide you with an update to any Portal Content, we may terminate
   the above license for prior versions of that Portal Content, which means
   you’ll have to immediately discontinue using those prior versions. Also,
   if the update is accompanied by a separate license, the terms of that
   license will apply; otherwise, the update will be subject to the terms of
   this Agreement.

   Example Assets

   Magic Leap may provide you with example or template source code, projects
   or content delivered within the “samples” or “templates” folder in the
   install directory of a Magic Leap SDK, or expressly made available as a
   “sample”, “tutorial”, “example” or “template” project (e.g., a Magic Kit
   project) through the portal as a starting point in creating your own
   Application pursuant to the terms below (“Example Assets”).

     * Unrestricted Example Assets. The following applies to Example Assets
       that are not Restricted Assets (as defined below) (“Unrestricted
       Example Assets”). Provided that your changes or additions to
       Unrestricted Example Assets are sufficiently substantial to create a
       derivative Application (as determined in Magic Leap’s sole
       discretion), Magic Leap hereby grants you the right to use, modify,
       publish, and distribute those modified Unrestricted Example Assets as
       part of your Application. You shall comply with all laws applicable to
       the foregoing activities. We may provide certain Unrestricted Example
       Assets that are subject to a Licensor Agreement (as defined below).
       The rights in this section do not expand or modify your limited rights
       to any Portal Content that are not Unrestricted Example Assets
       (including, but not limited to, our SDK).
     * Restricted Assets. The following applies only to Restricted Assets.
       Certain Example Assets may be marked as “Restricted”, “Not For
       Redistribution” or similar on the portal or in the materials
       accompanying such assets (“Restricted Assets”). Restricted Assets are
       licensed to you under separate license terms if such terms are
       included in the materials accompanying the Restricted Assets
       (“Restricted Asset Terms”). If separate license terms are not provided
       with a Restricted Asset, then the terms of this Agreement with respect
       to Portal Content will apply (including the scope of license in this
       Section 1 and the restrictions in Section 2). In the event of a
       conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the Restricted Asset
       Terms, the Restricted Asset Terms will govern. No other use of the
       Restricted Assets is licensed or permitted, and you may not otherwise
       use, modify, adapt, alter, reproduce, distribute, sublicense, or
       transfer Restricted Assets.

   Third Party Materials

   Your use of a Third Party Material may be subject to the Licensor’s own
   license agreement, notices, restrictions, or other terms that the Licensor
   provides you (“Licensor Agreement”). If your use of a Third Party Material
   is not subject to a Licensor Agreement, then the terms of this Agreement
   will apply. In the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement
   and the terms of a Licensor Agreement, the terms of the Licensor Agreement
   will govern. Magic Leap has no responsibility or liability with respect to
   your access to or use of the Third Party Materials, or any specifications,
   descriptions, or other materials our Licensors may provide with their
   Third Party Materials. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that
   any Third Party Materials consist of OSS (as defined below) and Magic Leap
   received such OSS from a third party under an upstream license permitting
   sublicensing, then Magic Leap hereby sublicenses such OSS to you under the
   terms of this Agreement and not the applicable upstream license. Note that
   Magic Leap may still provide you with the text of an upstream license
   permitting sublicensing in accordance with the requirements of that
   upstream license, but the associated third party OSS remains sublicensed
   to you under this Agreement. As set forth in the Warranty Disclaimer
   section of this Agreement, neither Magic Leap nor its licensors shall have
   any liability for any Third Party Materials (or any specifications,
   descriptions, or other materials our Licensors may provide with their
   Third Party Materials) and they make no representation or warranty for any
   Third Party Materials including, but not limited to, the warranties of
   merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.
   “OSS” means software distributed as “free software,” “open source
   software” or under similar licensing or distribution terms. Information
   and terms associated with Third Party Materials may be found in the
   NOTICES file, a copy of which may accompany the Portal Content delivered
   to you, and is incorporated by reference herein in its entirety. The
   presence and usage of or compliance with Third Party Materials, including
   any Licensor Agreements, is Confidential Information. If we mention our
   Licensors or other third parties, or their products or services, in any
   materials we provide you, it’s for informational purposes only and doesn’t
   constitute our endorsement of those parties, products, or services.

   The portal may also contain links or provide access to other web sites
   operated by third parties. Those third party web sites are not under our
   control, and we are not responsible for the content of any third party web
   site or any link contained in a third party web site. We provide these
   links only as a convenience and do not review, approve, monitor, endorse,
   warrant, or make any representations with respect to third party web
   sites.

   Acceptable Use of Services

   Magic Leap may also provide our creator community with certain services
   through the portal, including any forums or support (our “Services”).
   We’re not obligated to provide you with any Services, but we may decide to
   do so anyway. If we do provide you with Services, they’re for your use
   only, solely in connection with the use or exercise of your rights
   pursuant to this Agreement.

   You’ll be able to interact with others through our Services, including by
   viewing content created by others. You are solely responsible for your
   interactions with other people through our Services. You must abide by the
   [9]“Community Guidelines” set forth below when using our Services \– they
   are also a part of these terms.

   In addition, you agree that you won’t:

     * Use our Services in a way that negatively affects others or our
       ability to provide the Services;
     * Use our Services for any illegal or unauthorized purpose;
     * Use any technology or other means not authorized by us to access our
       Services or to extract data;
     * Attempt to gain unauthorized access to any Magic Leap products or
       services, including by trying to circumvent any content restrictions;
     * Attempt to decipher, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble,
       reproduce, modify, copy, distribute, publicly perform, publicly
       display or create derivative works of the Services or the source code
       of the software used to provide the Services;
     * Use our Services to create a competitive product or service, or for
       benchmarking or vulnerability testing purposes, except as authorized
       by Magic Leap in writing; or
     * Infringe upon or violate the rights of Magic Leap, other people in our
       community, or any third party.

   By using our Services, you understand that Magic Leap does not endorse or
   actively review the content posted or sent by others within our Services.
   We will not be responsible for any liability incurred as the result of
   your interactions with others or your use of content provided by other
   people. Your use of any content provided by other people, and any
   interactions with others, is at your own risk.

   Pre-Release Materials

   As part of the creator community, you may have the opportunity to receive
   certain pre-release Magic Leap hardware or other materials at Magic Leap’s
   option. Your use of any pre-release materials may be conditioned on your
   acceptance of additional terms that we provide you and subject to
   confidentiality obligations as set forth below. In the event of any
   conflict between the terms provided for any pre-release materials and this
   Agreement, the other terms will govern your use of the pre-release
   materials.

  2. Restrictions

   You are not allowed to (directly or indirectly): (a) modify, adapt, alter,
   or create any derivative works of the Portal Content, except as necessary
   to develop Applications for our Platform as permitted herein; (b) provide
   or transfer Portal Content to any third party without Magic Leap’s prior
   written consent or as otherwise permitted herein; (c) work around,
   interfere with, exceed or circumvent any technical limitations or software
   protection measures in the portal, the Portal Content, or the Services,
   including any system alerts, notices, indicators, consent screens, texts,
   hyperlinks or other messaging intended to be provided to end users of any
   Application; (d) reverse engineer, decompile, translate, disassemble, or
   otherwise attempt to derive any source code of the Portal Content not
   provided in source code format; (e) publish, rent, lease, distribute,
   lend, sell, sublicense, or otherwise commercialize the Portal Content or
   your access to the portal; (f) release or disclose the results of your
   use, development, or evaluation of the Portal Content; (g) perform, or
   release or disclose the results of, any benchmark testing or vulnerability
   assessments of the Portal Content; (h) introduce into the portal or the
   Portal Content, or include in or with any Application, any viruses, trojan
   horses, malware, spyware, adware or other disruptive software, or any
   software code, which is designed to disrupt, damage, or perform
   unauthorized actions on a computer system; (i) remove or alter any
   proprietary notices or labels on or in the portal or the Portal Content;
   (j) use the portal or Portal Content to directly or indirectly develop any
   product or service that competes with the Magic Leap Platform; or (k)
   disclose any source code you may receive through the portal.

   You also may not combine the portal, or any Portal Content with any OSS or
   other materials under any “Excluded License.” An “Excluded License” is a
   license that, as a condition of use, modification and/or distribution of
   software subject to such license, would restrict the ability of Magic Leap
   to protect its proprietary interests in the Portal Content, including
   protecting its intellectual property rights therein, or (1) requires the
   disclosure or distribution in source code form of any software subject to
   the license or any software used, based on, or distributed in connection
   with software subject to the license; (2) requires the licensing of any
   software subject to the license or any software used, based on, or
   distributed in connection with software subject to the license for the
   purpose of making derivative works; (3) imposes any restriction on the
   consideration to be charged for the distribution of any software subject
   to the license or any software used, based on, or distributed in
   connection with software subject to the license; or (4) creates, or
   attempts to create, obligations for Magic Leap or any Licensor with
   respect to any intellectual property rights or grant, or attempt to grant,
   to any third party, any rights or immunities under any intellectual
   property rights of Magic Leap or a Licensor. Examples of Excluded Licenses
   include, but are not limited to, licenses incorporating copyleft
   requirements, such as the GNU General Public License, GNU Lesser General
   Public License, SleepyCat License, or Mozilla Public License.

  3. Applications

   We may publish certain application guidelines or content rulebooks in the
   portal. You agree to develop any Applications in compliance with those
   guidelines. Applications that are developed by you may only be distributed
   through the application store provided by Magic Leap or via other
   distribution methods developed by Magic Leap for our Platform and
   generally offered to our creator community for such distribution.

   Once we open our application submission process, Applications that comply
   with this Agreement and any application guidelines issued by us may be
   submitted to us for evaluation for distribution through our application
   store or other permitted distribution methods. You acknowledge and agree
   that prior to submission of any Application for such consideration, you
   (or another authorized agent of the entity that you are working on behalf
   of) must register as a publisher and agree to the terms of our
   then-current, standard publisher registration agreement.

  4. Confidentiality Obligations

   Magic Leap IP and Other Information

   You acknowledge that you may receive non-public information relating to
   Magic Leap, its business, products, services, and related intellectual
   property, including the Magic Leap IP (as defined below) (collectively,
   “Confidential Information”) in connection with your use of pre-release
   materials accessed through the portal. You agree to keep the Confidential
   Information confidential, not to publish or disclose any Confidential
   Information to a third party, and only use such information to the extent
   necessary to exercise your rights under this Agreement. You will use at
   least a reasonable standard of care in maintaining the confidentiality of
   the Confidential Information. Your obligations with respect to
   Confidential Information will continue even after you have stopped using
   the portal. You agree to destroy or return any Confidential Information at
   Magic Leap’s request.

   Permitted Disclosures

   Your confidentiality obligations won’t apply to any information that we
   publicly disclose outside of the portal about our pre-release materials,
   except that even after we make such disclosures, you still can’t post
   screen shots of those materials outside of the portal or redistribute
   those materials outside the portal except as permitted in this Agreement
   or with our prior, express written approval in each instance.
   Notwithstanding the above paragraphs, you may disclose Magic Leap’s
   Confidential Information to the extent the disclosure is required by law
   or by order of a court or governmental agency. However, in such event, you
   will assist Magic Leap in obtaining a protective order or similar
   protection to maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information
   to the extent possible and legally permitted.

   Remedies

   You also acknowledge that if you breach this Confidentiality Obligations
   section, it will cause immediate and irreparable injury to Magic Leap and
   Magic Leap will have the right to seek and obtain injunctive relief, and
   to pursue any other remedies available at law or in equity, without being
   required to show any actual damage or irreparable harm, prove the
   inadequacy of its legal remedies, or post any bond or other security.

   Remedies

   You also acknowledge that if you breach this Confidentiality Obligations
   section, it will cause immediate and irreparable injury to Magic Leap and
   Magic Leap will have the right to seek and obtain injunctive relief, and
   to pursue any other remedies available at law or in equity, without being
   required to show any actual damage or irreparable harm, prove the
   inadequacy of its legal remedies, or post any bond or other security.

  5. Feedback

   You will have the option to provide us with feedback, suggestions,
   comments, changes, enhancements, updates and modifications relating to the
   portal, Portal Content or other existing Magic Leap products or services
   in your discretion (collectively, “Feedback”). From time to time, Magic
   Leap may request that you provide Feedback in a specified form, manner
   and/or frequency, provided that all such Feedback will be at your
   discretion. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you will use
   commercially reasonable efforts to submit notice of any and all hardware
   or software bugs, defects, or other issues with the features,
   functionality, or performance of any Portal Content to Magic Leap promptly
   upon occurrence. Any such notices will be deemed Feedback. You hereby
   grant Magic Leap a non-exclusive, perpetual and irrevocable license to use
   and exploit such Feedback for any purpose, including incorporating such
   Feedback within its products and services, without providing payment or
   any other consideration to you. Magic Leap has no confidentiality or other
   obligations with respect to your Feedback.

  6. Privacy

   Your privacy is important to us. Our [10]Privacy Policy describes how we
   collect, use and disclose information we collect about you. Our Privacy
   Policy is part of this Agreement and you agree to our use and sharing of
   the information we collect about you as described in our Privacy Policy.

  7. Your Content

   Your Content

   The portal may include interactive features and areas where you can
   create, upload, store, and/or share content (other than Applications) with
   us or others (“Your Content”). Your Content is considered
   non-confidential. Magic Leap does not obtain any ownership rights in Your
   Content, but you grant Magic Leap a worldwide, irrevocable (except as set
   forth below), perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, fully paid,
   royalty-free and fully sublicensable right to use, copy, display, store,
   adapt, publicly perform and distribute Your Content so that Magic Leap can
   operate, deliver, and improve the portal. The license granted to Magic
   Leap for Your Content is revocable by you only if and when you choose to
   independently remove or delete any of Your Content uploaded to the Portal,
   to the extent that the Portal provides the functionality to do so.

   You are solely responsible for Your Content. Magic Leap has no obligation
   to review, reject, refuse to post, screen, edit, move or remove any
   content from the portal, but may choose to do so at any time, in its
   discretion. If Your Content violates this Agreement or our Community
   Guidelines, we may remove it. For repeat or otherwise serious violations,
   we may suspend or otherwise disable your access to the portal and
   terminate this Agreement.

   You represent and warrant that (a) you either control or own Your Content,
   or you have obtained all rights necessary to share Your Content in
   compliance with this Agreement; (b) Your Content, and our use of Your
   Content as permitted under this Agreement, will not infringe,
   misappropriate or violate any third party’s intellectual property rights,
   rights of publicity or privacy, or result in the violation of any
   applicable laws, rules, or regulations; and (c) Your Content does not
   violate our Community Guidelines.

  8. Copyright Complaints

   In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) and other
   applicable law, we have adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate
   circumstances, the accounts of users who repeatedly infringe the
   intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that anything on
   our Services infringes any copyright that you own or control, you may
   notify our Designated Agent as follows:

   Designated Agent: Anastasia Lang
   Address: Magic Leap, Inc., Attn: DMCA Agent, 7500 W. Sunrise Boulevard,
   Plantation, FL 33322
   Telephone: 954-889-7010
   E-Mail Address: copyright@magicleap.com

   Please see [11]17 U.S.C. §512(c)(3) for the requirements of a proper
   notification. Also, please note that if you knowingly misrepresent that
   any activity or material on our Services is infringing, you may be liable
   to Magic Leap for certain costs and damages.

  9. Intellectual Property Rights

   Your Ownership

   Unless otherwise specified in a separate agreement with Magic Leap, you
   retain, and will own, all rights (including intellectual property rights),
   title, and interest in and to each Application, (excluding any Magic Leap
   IP incorporated in or necessary to use such Application), and Your
   Content.

   Magic Leap Ownership

   Except for the limited rights granted under this Agreement, Magic Leap and
   its Licensors retain, and will own, all rights (including intellectual
   property rights), title, and interest in and to the portal, Portal
   Content, and Feedback (collectively, the “Magic Leap IP”). You must abide
   by all copyright notices, information, or restrictions contained in or
   attached to the portal and/or the Portal Content.

   No Implied Licenses

   You may not use the Magic Leap IP except as expressly permitted under this
   Agreement. Furthermore, except as expressly set forth in this Agreement,
   nothing in this Agreement will be deemed to grant, by implication,
   estoppel or otherwise, a license to the Magic Leap IP.

   Use of Trademarks

   The portal may display names, trademarks, trade names, service marks or
   logos (“Marks”) that belong to Magic Leap or other entities.

   Magic Leap may enter into a separate agreement with you that allows you to
   use certain Magic Leap Marks in connection with the promotion of your
   Application, subject to any trademark guidelines that we may publish in
   the portal.

   Except as expressly stated above, you’re not allowed to use any Marks.
   Ownership of all the Marks and the goodwill associated with the Marks
   remains with us or those other entities.

   Independent Development

   Nothing in this Agreement prevents Magic Leap or other creators who may
   have relationships with Magic Leap from developing or having developed
   products, content, software, concepts, systems or techniques that are
   similar to or compete with Applications, or other products, content,
   software, concepts, systems or techniques that you may develop pursuant to
   this Agreement. You acknowledge that multiple products may be in
   simultaneous development for Magic Leap’s Platform at any time. In
   addition, nothing in this Agreement prevents you from developing or having
   developed products, content, software, concepts, systems or techniques for
   use on other platforms that may be similar to or compete with products,
   content, software, concepts, systems or techniques of Magic Leap, provided
   that your use of the Portal Content is in compliance with this Agreement.

  10. Termination

   We reserve the right to monitor your use of the portal to make sure you’re
   complying with this Agreement. We really want you to use the portal to
   develop cool stuff for our Platform. However, we may suspend or disable
   your access to the portal and and/or terminate this Agreement if we think
   you’re violating this Agreement or any other Magic Leap guidelines or
   policies, if you share your Magic Leap ID with anyone or otherwise violate
   the Account Terms and Conditions, or if you violate any laws, rules, or
   regulations.

   You will have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time for any
   reason.

   If this Agreement is terminated for any reason, your access to the portal
   and your license to the Portal Content will immediately terminate.
   However, even if this Agreement is terminated, (a) Magic Leap may continue
   to use Your Content and Feedback in accordance with this Agreement, and
   (b) the Restrictions, Confidentiality Obligations, Your Content and DMCA
   Notices, Intellectual Property Rights, Warranty Disclaimer and Limits on
   Liability, Indemnification, General Provisions, and Arbitration Agreement
   sections of this Agreement will survive any such termination and continue
   to apply.

  11. Warranty Disclaimer and Limits on Liability

   The following paragraphs limit our liability to you and also limit your
   legal remedies. They are important and contain some lawyerly words, but we
   have to include them to provide you access to the portal and Portal
   Content.

   A. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
   LAW, WE ARE PROVIDING THE PORTAL AND MAGIC LEAP MATERIALS ON AN “AS-IS”
   BASIS, AND YOU USE THEM AT YOUR OWN RISK. MAGIC LEAP AND ITS LICENSORS (AS
   APPLICABLE) DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE PORTAL, THE PORTAL
   CONTENT, AND OTHER MAGIC LEAP IP, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OR
   STATUTORY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OF
   NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
   PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, NON-INTERFERENCE, SYSTEM INTEGRATION,
   OR ACCURACY. NEITHER MAGIC LEAP NOR ITS LICENSORS (AS APPLICABLE) WARRANT
   THAT YOUR USE OF THE PORTAL CONTENT OR ANY MAGIC LEAP IP OR RELATED
   PRODUCT OR SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED ERROR-FREE, VIRUS-FREE, OR
   SECURE. MAGIC LEAP ALSO MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ON BEHALF
   OF ANY OF ITS LICENSORS. THE FEATURES AND FUNCTIONALITY OF OUR SERVICES,
   PRODUCTS OR DEVICES MAY CHANGE AT ANY TIME AND MAGIC LEAP DISCLAIMS ANY
   RESPONSIBILITY FOR SUCH CHANGES OR ANY STATEMENTS MAGIC LEAP MAKES OR HAS
   MADE ABOUT THE EXISTENCE OF SUCH FEATURES OR FUNCTIONALITY. YOU SHOULD NOT
   RELY ON ANY PARTICULAR FUNCTIONALITY BEING INCLUDED IN THE FINAL OR
   COMMERCIAL VERSION OF ANY MAGIC LEAP PRODUCTS.

   B. IN NO EVENT SHALL MAGIC LEAP OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
   INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING
   OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE PORTAL OR MAGIC LEAP IP OR THIS
   AGREEMENT, WHETHER OR NOT WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
   DAMAGES. MAGIC LEAP’S TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH THIS
   AGREEMENT, THE PORTAL, OR THE MAGIC LEAP MATERIALS, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
   TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE, SHALL NOT EXCEED ONE HUNDRED
   DOLLARS ($100).

   C. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
   ALLOWED BY LAW. THE LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL
   ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN YOU AND MAGIC LEAP. THE
   FOREGOING CAP ON LIABILITY WILL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY OF MAGIC LEAP FOR
   (A) DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY MAGIC LEAP’S GROSS NEGLIGENCE IN
   CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES; OR FOR (B) ANY DAMAGES CAUSED BY MAGIC
   LEAP'S FRAUD OR FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION, INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT OR
   GROSS NEGLIGENCE.

   D. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES,
   REPRESENTATIONS OR CONDITIONS, THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED
   WARRANTIES, LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY MAY LAST, OR
   EXCLUSIONS OR LIMTATIONS FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SO SOME
   OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY IN FULL TO YOU, AND MAGIC LEAP’S
   LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE EXTENT SUCH LIMITATIONS ARE PERMITTED BY
   LAW.

  12. Indemnification

   You agree to indemnify, hold harmless and, at our option, defend Magic
   Leap (including our affiliates, officers, directors, employees,
   stockholders, agents, Licensors, suppliers and any third-party information
   providers) from and against all damages and expenses we may incur as a
   result of your use of the portal (including any Portal Content), your or
   our use of Your Content, or your violation of this Agreement.

  13. General Provisions

   Changes

   We may change or modify this Agreement (including our “Community
   Guidelines”) at any time. If we do, we’ll make sure to notify you, by
   sending, for example, a notification to your Magic Leap ID and/or giving
   notice through the portal. Unless we say otherwise in our notice, the
   revised terms will be effective immediately and your continued use of the
   portal and/or Portal Content after we provide notice of the changes will
   constitute your acceptance of any changes to this Agreement. If you don’t
   agree to any changes to this Agreement, you must stop using the portal and
   the Portal Content (though we’ll be sorry to see you go). Please review
   this Agreement from time to time – it’s important you understand the terms
   and conditions that apply to your use of the portal and the Portal
   Content.

   We also reserve the right, at any time, to modify, suspend, or discontinue
   the portal, the Portal Content, or any part thereof. We’ll try to notify
   you when we do, but we may not always. You agree that we won’t be liable
   to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or
   discontinuance of the portal, Portal Content, or any component thereof.

   Your Relationship with Magic Leap

   You and Magic Leap are independent contractors, and nothing in this
   Agreement will be construed as creating a partnership, joint venture,
   employee, or agency relationship between you and Magic Leap.

   Governing Law and Venue

   This Agreement and the relationship between you and Magic Leap will be
   governed by the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to
   any choice of laws principles that would require the application of the
   laws of a different country or state. To the extent the parties are
   permitted under this Agreement to initiate litigation in a court, both of
   us agree that all claims and disputes arising out of or relating to this
   Agreement will be litigated exclusively in the state or federal courts
   located in Santa Clara County, California.

   Compliance

   You agree you will comply with all applicable laws in connection with your
   access to and use of the portal and Magic Leap IP. You may not use,
   export, import, or transfer the Magic Leap IP, or any component of the
   Magic Leap IP, except as authorized by U.S. law, the laws of the
   jurisdiction in which you obtained the Magic Leap IP, and any other
   applicable laws. You shall comply with all applicable laws and regulations
   (including U.S. sanctions or export controls laws) and shall not, without
   prior government authorization, export, re-export, or transfer the Magic
   Leap IP or any other Magic Leap products, services or technology, either
   directly or indirectly, in violation of such laws and regulations
   (including to any sanctioned or restricted entities). Further, you
   represent and warrant that you are not located in a country that is
   subject to U.S. Government sanctions or that has been designated by the
   U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country and that you have not
   been identified as a “Specially Designated National” by the Office of
   Foreign Assets Control, has not been placed on the U.S. Commerce
   Department’s Denied Persons List, and has not been listed on any other
   U.S. Government or other applicable sanctioned party lists.

   Communications

   By accepting this Agreement, you (a) consent to receive electronic
   communications from us, whether via email or posting on the portal or
   other reasonable means; and (b) agree that this Agreement and any related
   notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you
   electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications must
   be in writing.

   General Provisions

   This Agreement is personal to you, and you may not assign or delegate your
   rights and/or duties under this Agreement to anyone else and any attempted
   assignment or delegation is void. You acknowledge that we have the right
   to seek an injunction, if necessary, to stop or prevent a breach of your
   obligations under this Agreement. Any delay or failure by us to exercise
   or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement will not constitute a
   waiver of such right or provision. No waiver by us will have effect unless
   such waiver is in writing, and signed by us. No waiver of any breach or
   default in one instance will constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach
   or default. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any
   provision of this Agreement to be unenforceable, the provision of this
   Agreement will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to
   effect the intent of the parties, and the remainder of this Agreement will
   continue in full force and effect. This Agreement (along with any other
   agreements, guidelines or documents referenced herein) constitutes the
   entire agreement between us with regard to the matters described in this
   Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, if you previously entered into any
   agreement with Magic Leap relating to your early access to any Magic Leap
   products, services, or other materials and there’s a conflict between the
   terms of that agreement and the terms of this Agreement, then the terms of
   this Agreement will govern. The parties have expressly agreed that this
   Agreement and all ancillary agreements, documents or notices relating
   thereto be drafted solely in the English language. Les parties aux
   présentes ont expressément convenu que ce accord et toute autre
   convention, document ou avis y afférent soient rédigés en anglais
   seulement.

  14. Community Guidelines

   We expect everybody here to act like a grown up. (We know you have it in
   you!)

     * Don’t say offensive things. We want you to be creative and work
       together. But distribution of any offensive or obscene things (like
       pornography, hateful materials, or profane language) will not be
       tolerated. Let’s keep it PG-13, ok?
     * No bullies allowed. Don’t post or say anything that could be
       considered threatening or harmful to another person or group of
       people, or to someone else’s property. Anything harassing, libelous,
       defamatory, or that could be considered bullying is not OK. We mean
       it.
     * No spamming. Don’t send unsolicited messages to people you don’t know
       (that is, people you don’t have a business or personal relationship
       with). And don’t use our services to collect responses to your spam.
       It’s not OK to contact others for commercial purposes without their
       consent, or to use our services for your own self-promotion.
     * Respect everybody’s IP. Respect everyone’s copyrights, trademarks and
       other legal rights. That means don’t post or use anything that doesn’t
       belong to you (or that you don’t have the right to post or use). If
       you think someone has infringed on your intellectual property rights –
       let us know.
     * Respect everyone’s privacy. Don’t collect, store or use any info about
       other people (like their names, email addresses or business
       affiliations) without their permission.
     * Don’t pretend to be someone else. We like you for you. It’s not cool
       to impersonate anyone or give us false info about yourself. Also,
       please don’t pretend to be affiliated with a company or brand unless
       you actually have permission.
     * The law still applies. Last time we checked, we all live on plant
       Earth and are subject to the laws of our lands. Put another way, based
       on where you live, certain laws, rules and government regulations
       might apply to you when you use our services or generally interact
       online. Don’t break the law.
     * If you see something, say something. If you find out that anyone is
       violating these Community Guidelines, please let us know. We’re all in
       this together. If we become aware of possible violations, we reserve
       the right to investigate them.
     * As always, we’re here for your questions. Feel free to reach out any
       time. Really. We want this wonderful world we’re creating together to
       be a great place for everyone and welcome your questions. Everyone at
       Magic Leap is sending you good vibes as you learn, build and create
       with Magic Leap, or wherever your trails take you.

  15. Agreement to Arbitrate and Waiver of Class Action

   Please carefully read the following arbitration agreement (“Arbitration
   Agreement”). It requires you to arbitrate disputes with Magic Leap and
   limits the manner in which you can seek relief from us. It prevents you
   from bringing any class, collective, or representative action against
   Magic Leap, it prevents you from participating in or recovering any relief
   in any class, collective, or representative action anyone else might bring
   against Magic Leap, and it prevents you from suing Magic Leap in court or
   from having a jury trial.

   Whether to agree to arbitration is an important decision. It is your
   decision to make and you shouldn’t rely only on the information in this
   Arbitration Agreement, because it is not intended to explain the pros and
   cons of arbitration. You should conduct your own research and ask others
   about the consequences of this decision, and you can opt out of this
   Arbitration Agreement if you want to, by following the instructions below.

   Applicability of Arbitration Agreement

   You agree that any dispute or claim relating in any way to this Agreement,
   including this Arbitration Agreement, or to your access to or use of the
   Services or this Agreement (“Disputes”) will be resolved by binding
   arbitration, rather than in court. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence,
   (a) you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify, so
   long as the matter remains in such court and advances only on an
   individual (non-class, non-representative) basis; and (b) you or Magic
   Leap may seek equitable relief in court for infringement or other misuse
   of intellectual property rights (such as trademarks, trade dress, domain
   names, trade secrets, copyrights, and patents). This Arbitration Agreement
   shall apply, without limitation, to all Disputes that arose or were
   asserted before this Agreement or any prior version of this Agreement was
   in effect, as well as to all Disputes arising thereafter.

   *WAIVER OF CLASS RELIEF.* WHETHER THE DISPUTE IS HEARD IN ARBITRATION OR
   IN COURT, YOU AGREE THAT YOU AND MAGIC LEAP WILL NOT COMMENCE AGAINST THE
   OTHER, OR PARTICIPATE IN, A CLASS ACTION, CLASS ARBITRATION OR OTHER
   REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING. YOU AND MAGIC LEAP ARE EACH WAIVING
   RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.

   Arbitration Rules and Forum The Federal Arbitration Act governs the
   interpretation and enforcement of this Arbitration Agreement. To begin an
   arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and
   describing your claim to our registered agent, Paracorp Incorporated, 2804
   Gateway Oaks Drive #200, Sacramento, CA 95833-3509. The arbitration will
   be conducted by JAMS, an established alternative dispute resolution
   provider. Disputes involving claims and counterclaims under $250,000, not
   inclusive of attorneys’ fees and interest, shall be subject to JAMS’s most
   current version of the Streamlined Arbitration Rules and procedures
   available [12]here; all other claims shall be subject to JAMS’s most
   current version of the Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures,
   available [13]here. JAMS’s rules are also available [14]here or by calling
   JAMS at 800-352-5267. If JAMS is not available to arbitrate, the parties
   will jointly select an alternative arbitral forum. If the arbitrator finds
   that you cannot afford to pay JAMS’s filing, administrative, hearing
   and/or other fees and cannot obtain a waiver from JAMS, Magic Leap will
   pay them for you. In addition, Magic Leap will reimburse all such JAMS’s
   filing, administrative, hearing and/or other fees for claims totaling less
   than $10,000 unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous.
   Likewise, Magic Leap will not seek attorneys’ fees and costs in
   arbitration unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous. You
   may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on
   written submissions, or in-person in the country where you live or at
   another mutually agreed location. Any final decision made by the
   arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.

   Authority of Arbitrator

   The arbitrator, and not any federal, state or local court or agency, shall
   have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute related to the
   interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of this
   Agreement, including this Arbitration Agreement including, but not limited
   to any claim that all or any part of this Agreement or this Arbitration
   Agreement are void or voidable. The arbitrator will decide the rights and
   liabilities, if any, of you and Magic Leap. The arbitration proceeding
   will not be consolidated with any other matters or joined with any other
   cases or parties. The arbitrator shall have the authority to grant motions
   dispositive of all or part of any claim. The arbitrator shall have the
   authority to award monetary damages and to grant any non-monetary remedy
   or relief available to an individual under applicable law, the arbitral
   forum’s rules, and this Agreement (including the Arbitration Agreement).
   The arbitrator shall issue a written award and statement of decision
   describing the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is
   based, including the calculation of any damages awarded. The arbitrator
   has the same authority to award relief on an individual basis that a judge
   in a court of law would have. The award of the arbitrator is final and
   binding upon you and us.

   Waiver of Jury Trial

   YOU AND MAGIC LEAP HEREBY WAIVE ANY CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY RIGHTS TO
   SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR A JURY. You and Magic
   Leap are instead electing that all claims and disputes shall be resolved
   by arbitration under this Arbitration Agreement, except as specified
   above. An arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and
   relief as a court and must follow this Agreement as a court would.
   However, there is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an
   arbitration award is subject to very limited review.

   Waiver of Class or Consolidated Actions

   ALL CLAIMS AND DISPUTES WITHIN THE SCOPE OF THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT
   MUST BE ARBITRATED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT ON A CLASS BASIS, ONLY
   INDIVIDUAL RELIEF IS AVAILABLE, AND CLAIMS OF MORE THAN ONE PERSON CANNOT
   BE ARBITRATED OR CONSOLIDATED WITH THOSE OF ANY OTHER PERSON. In the event
   that this subparagraph is deemed invalid or unenforceable, neither you nor
   Magic Leap is entitled to arbitration and instead claims and disputes
   shall be resolved in a court as set forth in this section.

   Right to Opt Out

   You have the right to opt out of the provisions of this Arbitration
   Agreement by sending written notice of your decision to opt out to the
   following address: Magic Leap, Inc., Attn: General Counsel, 7500 W.
   Sunrise Blvd, Plantation, FL 33322, and/or arbitration@magicleap.com,
   within 30 days after first becoming subject to this Arbitration Agreement.
   Your notice must include your name and address, your Magic Leap ID, and an
   unequivocal statement that you want to opt out of this Arbitration
   Agreement. If you opt out of this Arbitration Agreement, all other parts
   of this Agreement will continue to apply to you. Opting out of this
   Arbitration Agreement has no effect on your agreement to the rest of this
   Agreement or your agreement to any other arbitration agreements that you
   may currently have, or may enter in the future, with us.

   Severability

   If any part or parts of this Arbitration Agreement are found under the law
   to be invalid or unenforceable, then such specific part or parts shall be
   of no force and effect and shall be severed and the remainder of the
   Arbitration Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.

   Survival of Agreement

   This Arbitration Agreement will survive the termination of your
   relationship with Magic Leap.

   Modification

   Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, we agree
   that if we make any future material change to this Arbitration Agreement,
   it will not apply to any individual claim(s) that you had already provided
   notice of to Magic Leap.

   Having trouble signing in?

    [15]Contact Us
   Copyright © 2018 Magic Leap, Inc.
   Made within Florida
   [16]Privacy Policy[17]Terms of Use
